翻译Marionette动画系统 (#1905)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/animation/marionette/animation-graph.md

# Animation Graph Assets

The animation graph asset is used to store the entire animation flow data of the object. The flow of the animation is described by a state machine, currently an animation graph only supports one state machine.

## Creating

In the **Assets** panel click the **+** button on the top left, then select **Animation Graph**.

![create-animation-graph](animation-graph/create-animation-graph.png)

This creates an animation graph asset named `Animation Graph` by default.

![animation-graph-asset](animation-graph/animation-graph-asset.png)

## Editing

> Once the animation graph is created, you can edit it in the Animation Graph panel, please refer to the [Animation Graph Panel](animation-graph-panel.md) documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the animation graph is created, it can be edited it in the Animation Graph panel, please refer to the [Animation Graph Panel](animation-graph-panel.md) documentation for details.
```
